Kneel down for me
You keep your eyes open.
Take a good look.
I don't know this woman.
do not know
Then you have to ask your good father.
If not for him
Killed my mother
How can I be laughed at by myself?
Living like a beggar
No way my father is not like that
There must be some misunderstanding
Misunderstanding I heard it with my own ears
He himself said that his drunk driving killed my mother
Then spend money to settle
You tell me now it's a misunderstanding.
That's impossible.
My father was not like that.
Since Brother Lin is gone
Then you have to pay him back in full
No.
You owe me for crossing your Lijiang
It can be offset with one life
Hou Yiming
Mr. Gu, why don't you commit suicide?
I took a good look at him
Without my destiny
Don't let him out
Yeah, don't kneel here
Good luck to repent slowly
Guimiao Guimiao